
                              TETRATE IO INC. 
                         END USER LICENSE AGREEMENT 
 

IMPORTANT – READ CAREFULLY:  BY CLICKING ON THE "ACCEPT" BUTTON AND 
DOWNLOADING, INSTALLING AND/OR USING THE SOFTWARE OR DOCUMENTATION OF TETRATE 
IO INC. (“TETRATE”) AND PURCHASING THE TETRATE SUPPORT SERVICES PROGRAM, YOU (
ON BEHALF OF YOURSELF OR AS AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE ON BEHALF OF AN 
ENTITY) AS THE "CUSTOMER" UNCONDITIONALLY AGREE TO ALL THE TERMS OF THIS EULA 
AND SUPPORT SERVICES PROGRAM (collectively, "AGREEMENT") WITH TETRATE REGARDING 
CUSTOMER'S USE OF THE SOFTWARE AND THE DOCUMENTATION AND SUPPORT SERVICES.  THE 
EFFECTIVE DATE OF THIS AGREEMENT IS THE EARLIER OF THE DATE YOU DOWNLOAD OR USE 
THE SOFTWARE. 

1.  Definitions. 

1.1  “Confidential Information” means the non-public information that is:  (a) 
identified as confidential at the time of disclosure by the disclosing party (
“Discloser”); or (b) disclosed under circumstances that would indicate to a 
reasonable person that the information should be treated as confidential by the 
party receiving such information (“Recipient”). 

1.2  “Documentation” means the end user manuals, Software specifications, 
other materials and all updates relating to the functionality or operation of 
the Software provided with the Software or made available for down load for use 
in conjunction with the Software and templates, reports or results of the 
Services expressly excluding marketing and sales collateral and materials. 

1.3  “Error” means a failure of the Software to conform substantially to the 
Documentation at the time of delivery which is reproducible and otherwise 
covered under the Support Services Program. 

1.4  “Evaluation Period” means the period commencing on the date Software is 
made available to Customer to download and ending 30 days thereafter. 

1.5  “Fees” mean, collectively, the fees paid for the license to use the 
Software in accordance with this Agreement and the applicable Documentation (
“Subscription Fees”) for the term for which the applicable Subscription Fee has 
been paid (“Subscription Term”) and all other fees for Services and Support. 

1.6  “Software” means the Tetrate software and all updates, upgrades, 
alterations, modifications and derivatives Tetrate makes available from time to 
time during the Subscription Term excluding third party software and open 
source software provided with the Software for which the applicable license 
terms are available upon request (“Third Party Software”). 

1.7  “Subscription License” means the right of use of the Software and 
Documentation as set forth in Section 2.1 in a production environment, for the 
payment of all Fees for the Subscription Term. 

1.8  “Services” consist of installation, implementation, configuration services, 
architectural review and such other services Tetrate makes available from time 
to time as set forth in an order or statement of work signed by the parties and 
governed by this Agreement. 

1.9  “Support” mean technical support and maintenance provided by Tetrate to 
the End User in accordance with and subject to the Tetrate Maintenance and 
Support Terms, which are located here: https://tetr8.io/support-program 

2.  License. 

2.1  Subscription License to Software and Documentation.  During the 
Subscription Term, subject to this Agreement and the payment of all Fees, 
Tetrate grants Customer a limited, non-sublicensable, non-transferable (except 
as expressly permitted), non-exclusive Subscription License to: (a) install the 
Software in the quantity specified in the order on the server(s) under 
Customer’s sole control; (b) reproduce one cold backup copy of the Software and 
such reasonable number of copies of the Documentation to support Customer’s use 
of the Software; and, (c) use the Software and Documentation  only for Customer 
internal business purposes. Software is licensed only in object code. Customer 
agrees to comply with the terms of the applicable licenses for the Third Party 
Software. 

2.2  Evaluation.  During the Evaluation Period, and notwithstanding any 
provision in this Agreement to the contrary, Tetrate grants Customer a 
personal, nonexclusive license to use the Software and Documentation, in 
accordance with the Documentation and this Agreement, solely for internal 
testing and evaluation purposes, in a non-production environment. If the 
Software meet the agreed to goals, Customer will purchase a Subscription  
License to the Software. Tetrate is not obligated to provide any Services 
during the Evaluation Period. On expiration of the Evaluation Period unless 
Customer purchase a Subscription License: (a) Customer will stop all use of the 
Software and Documentation; and, (b) Remove and destroy all copies of the 
Software from all installation sites. 

2.3  Certain Restrictions.  Except as expressly and unambiguously permitted by 
this Agreement, Customer will not, nor permit anyone else to, directly or 
indirectly: (a) Use any feature, function or capability without first 
purchasing the applicable license even if such feature, function or capability 
is enabled without a key; (b) Copy, modify, encumber or distribute the Software 
or Documentation; (c) Reverse engineer, disassemble, decompile or otherwise 
attempt to discover the source code or structure, sequence and organization of 
the Software (except where the foregoing is expressly permitted by applicable 
local law, and then only to the extent so permitted) or create any derivative 
works including, without limitation, customization, translation or 
localization; (d) Sell, license, sublicense, rent, lease, lend, transfer or 
otherwise provide access to Software or use the Software for timesharing or 
service bureau purposes, or otherwise use the Software on behalf of any third 
party (including as part of a managed service offering); (e) Remove or obscure 
any proprietary notices on the Software or Documentation; (f) Use the Software 
for performing comparisons or other “benchmarking” activities, either alone or 
in connection with any hardware or software; (g) Publish or disclose to any 
third party any technical features, performance or benchmark tests, or 
comparative or competitive analyses relating to the Software except for 
internal use or as may be authorized in writing by Tetrate; or, (h) Use the 
Software, Third Party Software or Documentation for any purpose and in any 
manner not expressly and unambiguously authorized herein (including, without 
limitation, for any purpose competitive with Tetrate) and in accordance with 
the applicable Third Party Software licenses. 

2.4  The Software contains automated reporting routines that generate and 
report to Tetrate metrics and statistics regarding the performance of the 
Software, to report problems and issues with the Software and provide 
information back to Tetrate pertaining to the Software (“Report”). Tetrate owns 
all right, title and interest in and to any data and information it so 
collects (and Customer hereby make all assignments necessary to accomplish such 
ownership).  Customer may disable this functionality. 

2.5  Acceptance and Support Services Program.  The Software and Documentation 
are deemed accepted when made available for download. Services and Support are 
accepted on performance. Errors are addressed by the Support Services Program 
as Customer’s sole and exclusive remedy. 

2.6  Services. Customer may purchase Services from time to time which may 
include the use of templates and reports resulting from the Services or such 
other deliverables set forth in the applicable statement of work. 

3.  Proprietary Rights.  Software and Documentation are licensed to Customer 
and not sold. As between the parties, title, ownership rights, and intellectual 
property rights in and to the Software (including Third Party Software), 
Documentation and Tetrate’s Confidential Information, in any form or format, 
along with all modifications, alterations or derivatives and all copies, remain 
exclusively in Tetrate and its licensors excluding Customer data provided by 
the Customer for use in conjunction with the Services. All suggestions, input, 
comments and feedback provided to Tetrate with respect to the Software, 
Services, Documentation and Support are Tetrate’s property and deemed Tetrate’s 
Confidential Information. Customer hereby assigns to Tetrate and its licensors 
any interest Customer may have in the same. The Software, Third Party Software 
and Documentation are protected by copyright and other intellectual property 
laws and by international treaties. Tetrate owns all of its trademarks, service 
marks and logos hereunder and no license to use any such trademarks is provided 
hereunder. This Agreement does not grant Customer any rights not expressly 
granted herein. 

4.  Fees. 

4.1  Payments.  All Fees (plus applicable taxes and duties) are due and payable 
within 30 days of the date of the invoice in US Dollars, without set-off or 
deduction and, once paid, are not refundable, except as expressly stated in 
this Agreement.  Payment is not conditioned on the future availability of any 
Software, feature or functionality. Undisputed amounts not received by Tetrate 
timely accrue interest at a rate of one and one-half percent (1.5%) for each 
month that the invoice is overdue, or the highest interest rate permitted by 
applicable law, whichever is lower. Customer will notify Tetrate within 10 
business days of the date of the invoice of any disputed invoiced amount or 
such claim is waived. The parties will endeavor to resolve any dispute of 
invoiced amount within 30 days; upon which resolution, Customer will remit all 
amounts due and payable to  Tetrate or Tetrate will refund excess payment. 

4.2  Audit.  During the Subscription Term and for three (3) years thereafter, 
within 15 business days of Tetrate’s request, Customer will provide Tetrate 
with all usage and other records and will permit Tetrate (or its 
representative) to audit Customer’s records to confirm Customer compliance with 
this Agreement. Customer will pay all unpaid Fees. If such underpayment is 
greater than 5% of the Fees paid by Customer to Tetrate under this Agreememnt, 
Customer will pay all reasonable expenses related to such audit upon receipt of 
an invoice. 

5.  Confidentiality. 
 
5.1  Maintenance of Confidentiality.  Discloser retains all right, title and 
interest to Discloser and its licensors’ Confidential Information. The parties 
acknowledge that a violation of the Recipient’s obligations with respect to 
Confidential Information may cause irreparable harm to the Discloser for which 
a remedy at law would be inadequate.  Therefore, in addition to any and all 
remedies available at law, Discloser will be entitled to seek an injunction or 
other equitable remedies in all legal proceedings in the event of any 
threatened or actual violation of any or all of the provisions hereof without 
the need to post bond.Recipient will: (a) take reasonable measures to protect 
the Discloser’s Confidential Information by using the same degree of care, but 
no less than a reasonable degree of care, to prevent the unauthorized use, 
dissemination or publication of the Confidential Information as the Recipient 
uses to protect its own confidential information of a like nature;  (b) limit 
disclosure to those of Recipient’s employees, contractors or other third 
parties having a need to need to know and who have previously agreed in 
writing, prior to receipt of Confidential Information to obligations similar to 
the provisions hereof; (c) not copy, reverse engineer, disassemble, create any 
works from, or decompile any prototypes, software or other tangible objects 
which embody the Recipient's Confidential Information and/or which are provided 
to the party hereunder; and (iv) comply with and obtain all U.S. export control 
laws or regulations. Confidential Information will not be reproduced in any 
form except as required to accomplish the purposes and intent of this 
Agreement.  Any reproduction of Confidential Information will be the property 
of Discloser and will contain any and all notices of confidentiality contained 
on the original. 

5.2  Exceptions.  The parties agree that the foregoing will not apply to any
information that Recipient can evidence: (a) is or becomes publicly known and 
made generally available through no improper action or inaction of Recipient; (
b) is already in its possession or known by Recipient prior to disclosure; (c) 
is independently developed by Recipient without use of or reference to any 
Confidential Information; or (d) is rightfully disclosed to it by a third 
party. Recipient may use Confidential Information: (i) as needed to assert 
defenses or seek to enforce this Agreement; or, (ii) as reasonably required to 
make disclosures required by law or court order provided that Recipient 
notifies Discloser prior to disclosure (except to the extent limited or 
prohibited by law) so Discloser can seek to protect, limit or quash any such 
disclosure. 

6.  Disclaimers. THE SOFTWARE, THIRD PARTY SOFTWARE, DOCUMENTATION,
SERVICES AND SUPPORT ARE PROVIDED ON AN “AS IS” BASIS. TETRATE AND ITS 
LICENSORS HEREBY DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES, REPRESENTATIONS AND CONDITIONS 
REGARDING THE SOFTWARE, THIRD PARTY SOFTWARE, DOCUMENTATION, SERVICES AND 
SUPPORT WHETHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES 
OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE, QUALITY AND NON-
INFRINGEMENT. CUSTOMER ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT TETRATE AND ITS LICENSORS 
DO NOT WARRANT THAT THE SOFTWARE, THIRD PARTY SOFTWARE, DOCUMENTATION, SERVICES 
AND SUPPORT WILL MEET CUSTOMER’S REQUIREMENTS, BE UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY, SECURE 
OR ERROR FREE OR MAKE ANY WARRANTY AS TO THE RESULTS WHICH MAY BE OBTAINED FROM 
THE USE OF THE SOFTWARE,  THIRD PARTY SOFTWARE, DOCUMENTATION, SERVICES OR 
SUPPORT. THE SOFTWARE, THIRD PARTY SOFTWARE AND DOCUMENTATION ARE NOT DESIGNED, 
INTENDED, OR LICENSED FOR USE IN ANY AERONAUTICAL, NUCLEAR, MEDICAL, LIFE 
SAVING OR LIFE SUSTAINING SYSTEMS, OR FOR ANY OTHER APPLICATION IN WHICH THE 
USE OF WHICH COULD CREATE A SITUATION WHERE PERSONAL INJURY OR DEATH MAY OCCUR. 
CUSTOMER IS RESPONSIBLE TO BACKUP ALL OF CUSTOMER’S DATA AND SYSTEMS. TETRATE 
AND ITS LICENSORS ARE NOT RESPONSIBLE OR LIABLE FOR LOSS, CORRUPTION OR 
DESTRUCTION OF DATA.  THIS DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY CONSTITUTES AN ESSENTIAL PART 
OF THIS AGREEMENT. 

7.  Indemnity.  Tetrate agrees to defend or settle, at Tetrate’s option, a 
third party claim or cause of action against Customer alleging that the 
Software infringes or misappropriates a patent or copyright of such third 
party (“Claim”) and to pay damages finally awarded against Customer or to pay 
settlement amounts to the extent directly resulting from such Claim, provided 
Tetrate is notified promptly of such Claim, is given sole control of the 
defense and settlement of the Claim, Customer provide to Tetrate all reasonable 
assistance and Customer is not in material breach of this Agreement. The 
foregoing obligations do not apply to third party claims or causes of action 
pertaining to an Evaluation or to any Software or portions or components 
thereof: (a) which are Third Party Software; (b) not supplied by Tetrate; (c) 
made in whole or in part in accordance with Customer’s specifications; (d) 
modified other than by Tetrate; (e) if the alleged infringement results from 
the use of the Software in combination with other products, processes or 
materials but for such combination the Software would not infringe; (e) if 
Customer continues infringing activity after being notified thereof or after 
being informed of modifications that would have avoided the alleged 
infringement and failure to use such modifications; or, (f) use of the Software 
other than in strict conformity with this Agreement and the Documentation. For 
all such exceptions, Customer will indemnify, defend and hold harmless Tetrate 
and its officers, directors, employees, agents, successors and assigns against 
all damages and liabilities including reasonable attorneys’ fees and costs. If 
any Claim arises, Tetrate may, at its sole option and expense: (i) replace or 
modify the affected Software to make it non-infringing with no less material 
functionality; (ii) procure a license for Customer’s continued use of the 
affected Software; or, (iii) require Customer stop using the affected Software, 
terminate this Agreement and Customer’s rights hereunder. This Section 7 states 
Tetrate and its licensors’ sole and exclusive obligations, and Customer’s sole 
and exclusive remedies, with respect to any claims of infringement or 
misappropriation of third party intellectual property rights of any kind. 

8.  Limitation of Liability.  UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES AND UNDER NO LEGAL
THEORY, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, TORT, CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE, STRICT 
LIABILITY OR OTHERWISE, WILL TETRATE OR ITS LICENSORS BE LIABLE TO CUSTOMER OR 
ANY OTHER PERSON OR ENTITY FOR ANY OF THE FOLLOWING: (A) THIRD PARTY SOFTWARE; (
B) ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY CHARACTER 
INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES FOR LOST PROFITS, LOSS OF GOODWILL, WORK 
STOPPAGE, ACCURACY OF RESULTS, COMPUTER FAILURE OR MALFUNCTION, OR LOSS OR 
CORRUPTION OF DATA OR THE COST OF PROCURING SUBSTITUTE SOFTWARE; OR (C) ANY 
AMOUNT IN THE AGGREGATE IN EXCESS OF THE SUBSCRIPTION LICENSE FEES PAID FOR THE 
SOFTWARE FROM WHICH THE CAUSE OF ACTION AROSE IN THE TWELVE (12) MONTHS 
PRECEDING THE DATE THE CLAIM AROSE, OR, IF GREATER, $500.00. THE FOREGOING 
LIMITATIONS APPLY EVEN IF TETRATE HAS BEEN INFORMED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH 
DAMAGES. THESE LIMITATIONS ARE INDEPENDENT FROM ALL OTHER PROVISIONS OF THIS 
POLICY AND APPLY NOTWITHSTANDING THE FAILURE OF ANY REMEDY PROVIDED HEREIN. 

9.  Term and Termination. 
 
9.1  This Agreement continues until the expiration or earlier termination of 
the Subscription Period. Notwithstanding, a party may terminate this Agreement 
if the other party materially breaches this Agreement and such breach is not 
cured within 30 days (or 5 days in the case of non-payment) of the breaching 
party’s receipt of written notice describing the breach. This Agreement 
terminates automatically in the event (a) Customer breaches Section 2, 5 or 11 
in addition to all other legal or equitable rights or remedies or (b) of 
party’s insolvency, admission in writing that a party is unable to pay its 
debts as they come due, an assignment for the benefit of creditors or a party 
otherwise become subject to receivership, bankruptcy or insolvency proceedings. 

9.2  Effect of Termination. Upon expiration or termination of this Agreement 
for any reason, the license granted hereunder terminates and Customer will stop 
using the Software and Documentation. Customer will destroy and remove from all 
computers, hard drives, networks and other storage media all copies of the 
Software and Documentation and will certify to Tetrate upon request. Sections 
1, through 8, 9.2, 11 and 12 survive expiration or termination of this 
Agreement for any reason. 

10.  Government Use. The Software provided under this Agreement is commercial 
computer software developed exclusively at private expense. Unless otherwise 
set forth in this Agreement, use, duplication, and disclosure by civilian 
agencies of the U.S. Government will not exceed those minimum rights set forth 
in FAR 52.227-19(c) or successor regulations. Use, duplication, and disclosure 
by U.S. Department of Defense agencies is subject solely to the software 
license terms contained in this Agreement, as stated in DFARS 227.7202 or 
successor regulations. U.S. Government rights will apply only to the specific 
agency and program for which the Software is obtained. 

11.  Compliance and Export Controls.   Customer will comply with all 
applicable laws and regulations, including, without limitation: (a) all privacy 
laws and regulations; (b) export laws and regulations, including the Export 
Administration Regulations, of the Bureau of Industry and Security (“BIS”) of 
the U.S. Department of Commerce and the economic sanctions administered by the 
Office of Foreign Assets Control (“OFAC”), of the U.S. Department of the 
Treasury and to obtain any necessary license or other authorization to export, 
reexport, or transfer Proprietary Information or Tetrate’s Products (“Products”)
. Without limiting the foregoing, Customer agree Customer will not, and will 
not permit a third party, directly or indirectly, to export, re-export, divert, 
provide, disclose or transfer Confidential Information or the Software to 
Crimea, Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Sudan, or Syria, to the governments of these 
countries, wherever located, to any person or entity identified on BIS’s Denied 
Persons, Entity, or Unverified List or OFAC’s Specially Designated Nationals 
List or List of Consolidated Sanctions as updated from time to time, to any end 
user with knowledge or reason to know that the Software or Confidential 
Information will be used for nuclear, chemical, or biological weapons 
proliferation, or for missile-development purposes or to any person with 
knowledge or reason to know that they will export, re-export, provide, or 
transfer the Software or Confidential Information other than in compliance with 
the foregoing restrictions, and (c) the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, the 
UK Bribery Act and all similar laws and regulations which prohibit offering any 
inducement, whether money or goods or services, to any government official, 
employee, candidate or party. 

12.  General.  Violation of Section 2 or 5 may cause irreparable harm to a 
party for which a remedy at law would be inadequate. Therefore, in addition to 
any and all remedies available at law, a party is entitled to seek an 
injunction or other equitable remedies in all legal proceedings in the event of 
any threatened or actual violation thereof without the need to post bond. 
Written notice is effective when delivered or rejected at the address a party 
last notified the other party in writing. This Agreement, the Support Services 
Program and statement of work signed by both parties, are the complete 
agreement between the parties concerning the Software and Documentation, 
Services and Support to the exclusion of any pre-printed or contrary terms of 
any purchase order (or similar document), and supersedes all prior agreements 
and representations between them. This Agreement may be amended either by a 
writing executed by both parties. If any provision of this Agreement is held to 
be unenforceable for any reason, such provision will be reformed only to the 
extent necessary to make it enforceable. The failure of a party to act with 
respect to a breach of this Agreement does not constitute a waiver and will not 
limit such party’s rights with respect to such breach or any subsequent 
breaches. Except as expressly stated, this Agreement is personal to Customer 
and this Agreement and the Software and Documentation cannot be assigned or 
transferred for any reason whatsoever, without Tetrate’s prior written consent, 
and any action or conduct in violation of the foregoing will be void and 
without effect. Tetrate expressly reserves the right to assign this Agreement 
and to delegate any of its obligations hereunder to a successor in interest 
agreeing to be bound to this Agreement. The parties are and will remain 
independent contractors as to each other. At no time will either party be 
deemed to be the agent or employee of the other.  This Agreement will be 
governed by and construed under California law as such law applies to 
agreements between California residents entered into and to be performed within 
California, and The U.N. Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of 
Goods will not apply. The controlling language of this Agreement is English and 
all communications and proceedings will be conducted in English. If Customer 
have received a translation into another language, it has been provided as a 
convenience only. Unless waived by Tetrate in a particular instance, the sole 
and exclusive jurisdiction and venue for actions arising under this Agreement 
will be the State and Federal courts in Santa Clara County, California and each 
party hereby consents to the jurisdiction of such courts for any such dispute.  
The party prevailing in any dispute under this Agreement will be entitled to an 
award of its costs and attorneys’ fees.  This Agreement may be executed in 
multiple counterparts all of which taken together shall constitute one single 
agreement between the parties. The signatories hereto represent that they are 
duly authorized to sign this Agreement on behalf of their respective companies 
and the electronic version of this Agreement is legally binding as if it were 
the original.  Other than as expressly set out in this Agreement, this 
Agreement does not create any rights for any person who is not a party to it 
and no person who is not a party to this Agreement may enforce any of its terms 
or rely on any exclusion or limitation contained in it. 

